Add migration subcommand (#446)
theforeman/foremanctl: docs/migration-guide.md

| `foreman::db_manage` | `database_mode` | true→"internal", false→"external" |
| `foreman::initial_admin_username` | `foreman_initial_admin_username` | - |
| `foreman::initial_admin_password` | `foreman_initial_admin_password` | - |
| `foreman::server_ssl_cert` | `server_certificate` | - |
| `foreman::server_ssl_key` | `server_key` | - |
| `foreman::server_ssl_ca` | `ca_certificate` | - |

## Example

### Input (foreman-installer format)

```yaml
foreman:
  db_host: database.example.com
  db_port: 5432
  db_database: foreman
  db_username: foreman_user
  db_password: secret123
  db_manage: true
  initial_admin_username: admin
  initial_admin_password: changeme
```

### Output (foremanctl format)

```yaml
database_host: database.example.com
database_port: 5432
database_mode: internal
foreman_database_name: foreman
foreman_database_password: secret123
foreman_database_user: foreman_user
foreman_initial_admin_password: changeme
foreman_initial_admin_username: admin
```

## Handling Unmapped Parameters

When the migration completes, you may see warnings like:

```
Warning: The following parameters could not be mapped:
  - katello::enable_ostree
  - foreman::some_other_param
```

> These parameters need to be manually reviewed and added to the new configuration if needed. Check the [parameters documentation](parameters.md) for equivalent foremanctl parameters.

Reviewer: Translating this in my head: once satisfied with the result, the user would put that as `/var/lib/foremanctl/parameters.yaml` and run `foremanctl deploy`?

Author: yeah, added a section to the docs that explains this workflow now

> # Migrating from foreman-installer to foremanctl

Reviewer 2: Given the title and focus of the doc, I think the filename could use an update to reflect this.

## Overview

> When upgrading from foreman-installer to foremanctl, the `foremanctl migrate` command helps convert your existing configuration to the new format.

Reviewer 3: Do you think it would be good to have steps here to install foremanctl on foreman-installer based setups?

Author: not sure about it, but my thinking is installation steps are probably better suited for the main README or deployment docs rather than the migration guide docs or can add a simple "prerequisites" section with a link to installation docs. WDYT?

@ehelms @evgeni thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I think since this guide is about how to upgrade from foreman-installer to foremanctl, that it should cover those steps for now. Like, prerequisites (e.g. foreman-installer installed, foremanctl present on the system) then run the steps. Or point to docs and say what steps should be run.

## Migration Workflow

1. **Generate the migrated configuration**:
   ```bash
   foremanctl migrate --output /etc/foreman/config.yaml
   ```

2. **Review the output** for any warnings about unmapped parameters

3. **Use the migrated configuration** with foremanctl:
   ```bash
   foremanctl deploy
   ```
   (foremanctl automatically loads configuration from `/etc/foreman/config.yaml`)

## Command Usage

### Basic Migration

Migrate from the default location (reads the currently active scenario):
```bash
foremanctl migrate --output /etc/foreman/config.yaml
```

### Custom Answer File

Migrate from a specific answer file:
```bash
foremanctl migrate --answer-file /path/to/custom-answers.yaml --output /etc/foreman/config.yaml
```

### Output to stdout

Preview the migrated configuration without writing a file:
```bash
foremanctl migrate
```

## Command Options

- `--answer-file PATH` - Path to the foreman-installer answer file. If not specified, reads the currently active scenario and extracts the answer file path from it.
- `--output PATH` - Path for the migrated configuration (default: stdout)

> ## Parameter Mappings

Reviewer 2: We have an overlap now with `parameters.md`. I think either combine these two, or link out and capture this information in there.

Author: i've linked it, looks better?

- `--output PATH` - Path for the migrated configuration (default: stdout)

> [!NOTE]
> Unlike other `foremanctl` commands, migrate does not persist parameters between runs. Each migration is independent.

## Parameter Mappings

The migrate command automatically maps foreman-installer parameters to foremanctl parameters. For a complete list of all parameter mappings, see the [Parameters documentation](parameters.md#mapping).

## Example

Below is an example showing how the transformation works:

### Input (foreman-installer format)

```yaml
foreman:
  db_host: database.example.com
  db_port: 5432
  db_database: foreman
  db_username: foreman_user
  db_password: secret123
  db_manage: true
  initial_admin_username: admin
  initial_admin_password: changeme
```

### Output (foremanctl format)

```yaml
database_host: database.example.com
database_port: 5432
database_mode: external
foreman_database_name: foreman
foreman_database_password: secret123
foreman_database_user: foreman_user
foreman_initial_admin_password: changeme
foreman_initial_admin_username: admin
```

## Handling Unmapped Parameters

When the migration completes, you may see warnings like:

> > [!WARNING]  

Reviewer 2: This is going to be tricky in practice. Users will need guidance on parameters that could not be mapped. Perhaps for now we can include as part of the warning output the high-level possible reasons they could not be mapped? 

For example:

1. There was an error trying to map it
2. The value has no equivalent parameter / is unsupported
3. other reasons?

Reviewer: I think that's something that we'll have to learn (and document) as we go.

Author: Yeah, that is something we can focus on follow up work as well. Thanks for pointing it out.

# Migrating from foreman-installer to foremanctl

## Overview

When upgrading from foreman-installer to foremanctl, the `foremanctl migrate` command helps convert your existing configuration to the new format.

This guide explains how to migrate your foreman-installer answer files to foremanctl configuration files.

## Prerequisites

Before migrating, ensure the following:

> 1. **foreman-installer is installed** - You should have an existing foreman-installer setup with answer files to migrate from.

Reviewer: I'd phrase that a bit differently, as the main point is not that foreman-installler is installed, but you have a Foreman installed by foreman-installer, so how about:

```suggestion
1. **Foreman deployment using foreman-installer** - You should have an existing Foreman deployment has been installed using foreman-installer and has an answers file to migrate from.
```

```

### Output to stdout

Preview the migrated configuration without writing a file:
```bash
foremanctl migrate
```

## Command Options

- `--answer-file PATH` - Path to the foreman-installer answer file. If not specified, reads the currently active scenario and extracts the answer file path from it.
- `--output PATH` - Path for the migrated configuration (default: stdout)

> [!NOTE]
> Unlike other `foremanctl` commands, migrate does not persist parameters between runs. Each migration is independent.

## Parameter Mappings

The migrate command automatically maps foreman-installer parameters to foremanctl parameters. For a complete list of all parameter mappings, see the [Parameters documentation](parameters.md#mapping).

## Example

Below is an example showing how the transformation works:

### Input (foreman-installer format)

```yaml
foreman:
  db_host: database.example.com
  db_port: 5432
  db_database: foreman
  db_username: foreman_user
  db_password: secret123
  db_manage: true
  initial_admin_username: admin
  initial_admin_password: changeme
```

### Output (foremanctl format)

```yaml
database_host: database.example.com
database_port: 5432

> database_mode: internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database_mode: external
```

not that it technically matters, but your example uses a db host, so this is external db :)

foreman_database_name: foreman
foreman_database_password: secret123
foreman_database_user: foreman_user
foreman_initial_admin_password: changeme
foreman_initial_admin_username: admin
```

## Handling Unmapped Parameters

When the migration completes, you may see warnings like:

```
Warning: The following parameters could not be mapped:
  - katello::enable_ostree
  - foreman::some_other_param

> ```

Reviewer: the warning format changed in one of the recent pushes, so this probably deserves an update to match code
